This animation puts an outline in the thing drawn by CG
To finish anime-style
The clothes around the neck are boring
The spider web displays the polyline as it is
Because thin lines are not reproduced when drawn
I am sorry to modify the wing of the dragonfly
The original is very beautiful
The effect of the cloud nest swaying in the wind is
Added when editing
The dog is a friendship appearance (laughs)
The blue sky is a live picture
Halation added at the time of editing
Half-mouthed ... What a boy like this?
The stag emphasizes the blue light
The clasped hand of the stag is so difficult, so σ (^ ◇ ^;)
Pursuit of crows
The appearance of a purposely dog
White is crushed because it is summer
Disregarding music that neglected the picture
But privately I think it fits strangely
Music is automatic composition but it takes time for people
Slow melody to Xjapan-like drum
This melody on the snake metal drum
Ko-Yu Music with a different atmosphere
I wanted to mix strange I
What is it a dream ...
I'll take care of it (^. ^ /)
There is no sound but it is not a malfunction
Just for a moment
What's your fingertips?
Dragonfly Is it a fingertip attack?
Ah!
What a landing
This one is silent and it is good ...
Suddenly sounded out and was sloppy
I wanted to surprise the sleeping person (ё _ ё)
Sunset added at the time of editing
good-by